Query-tee: Allow skipping comparison when preferred backend fails (#10612)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

### Query-tee

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Allow setting a "skip" result on comparisons when preferred backend fails #10612

Reviewer: [nit]

```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Allow skipping comparisons when preferred backend fails. Disabled by default, enable with `-proxy.compare-skip-preferred-backend-failures=true`. #10612
```
